Weave Gitops Enterprise v0.9.5 release notes (#2774)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/enterprise/releases.mdx

---
title: Releases
sidebar_position: 3
hide_title: true
---
import TierLabel from "../_components/TierLabel";

# Releases <TierLabel tiers="enterprise" />

## v0.9.5

### Highlights
- **Tenancy**
  - `gitops create tenant` now supports `--prune` to remove old resources from the cluster if you're not using `--export` with gitops.
  - `deploymentRBAC` section in `tenancy.yaml` allows you to specify the permissions given to the flux `Kustomizations` that will apply the resources from git to your tenants' namespaces in the cluster.

>   - Support for `OCIRepository` sources when restricting/allowing the sources that can applied into tenants' namespaces.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Support for `OCIRepository` sources when restricting/allowing the sources that can be applied into tenants' namespaces.
```

- **Pipelines**
  - A new Pipeline details page is available in the UI to quickly inspect the configuration and status of your pipelines.
- **Templates**
  - Templates now support helm functions for simple transformations of values: `{{ .params.CLUSTER_NAME | upper }}`
  - Templates has moved to its own page in the UI, this is the first step in moving towards embracing them as a more generic feature, not just for clusters creation.
  - If a version is not specified in a **template profile annotation** it can be selected by the user.
  - A `namespace` can be specified in the **template profile annotation** that will be provided as the `HelmRelease`'s `targetNamespace` by default.
- **Bootstrapping**
  - A ClusterBootstrapConfig can now optionally be triggered when `phase="Provisioned"`, rather than `ControlPlaneReady=True` status.

### Dependency versions

- weave-gitops v0.9.5
- cluster-controller v1.3.2
- cluster-bootstrap-controller v0.3.0
- (optional) policy-agent 1.1.0

### Known issues

> - [UI] Notifications page shows a 404 instead of notifications #1575

Author: ```suggestion
- [UI] Notifications page shows a 404 instead of the notification-controller's configuration.
```
